Stay here.
Hum, do it yourself
What a pair of miserable mandarin ducks
Let's go
Ah!
Ah, how can you have my daughter can't stand it
I ask you
This is what they gave me.
Where am I now?
Say it, I've covered them to escape
For them
I don't even want my own life
That's all I can do.
Sorry, thank you.
Where are they now?
I don't know.
But has left this villa
They were so young.
In case something goes wrong, I have to go to them.
Calm down!
Sorry.
I'm so worried about them.
I can understand.
But our top priority
Save your life first
See dear
Why haven't those two children been delivered yet?
Dear, don't worry.
They said they didn't sell the baby
Said it was lost
lost
You can check what's going on right away.
I'm so useless
I can't even protect my own daughter
Don't worry.
I have a way
OK
What can you do?
Fei Ge must not know that we are locked up here by our colleagues
How nice of you to take the opportunity to sneak out, understand?